you know the time of the wild mountain
you know the time of the wild mountain goats they're young or can you mark when
goats they're young or can you mark when
goats they're young or can you mark when the deer gives birth can you number the
the deer gives birth can you number the
the deer gives birth can you number the months that they fulfill or do you know
months that they fulfill or do you know
months that they fulfill or do you know the time when they bear young they bow
the time when they bear young they bow
the time when they bear young they bow down they bring forth their young they
down they bring forth their young they
down they bring forth their young they deliver their offspring their young ones
deliver their offspring their young ones
deliver their offspring their young ones are healthy they grow strong with grain
are healthy they grow strong with grain
are healthy they grow strong with grain they depart and do not return to them
they depart and do not return to them
they depart and do not return to them who set the wild donkey free who loosed
who set the wild donkey free who loosed
who set the wild donkey free who loosed the bonds of the honor who's home I have
the bonds of the honor who's home I have
the bonds of the honor who's home I have made the wilderness and the barren land
made the wilderness and the barren land
made the wilderness and the barren land his dwelling he scorns the tumult of the
his dwelling he scorns the tumult of the
his dwelling he scorns the tumult of the city he does not heed the shouts of the
city he does not heed the shouts of the
city he does not heed the shouts of the driver the range of the mountains is his
driver the range of the mountains is his
driver the range of the mountains is his pasture and he searches after every
pasture and he searches after every
pasture and he searches after every green thing will the wild ox be willing
green thing will the wild ox be willing
green thing will the wild ox be willing to serve you will he bed by your manger
to serve you will he bed by your manger
to serve you will he bed by your manger can you bind to the wild ox in the
can you bind to the wild ox in the
can you bind to the wild ox in the furrow with ropes or will he plough the
furrow with ropes or will he plough the
furrow with ropes or will he plough the valleys behind you will you trust him
valleys behind you will you trust him
valleys behind you will you trust him because his strength is great or will
because his strength is great or will
because his strength is great or will you leave your labor to
you leave your labor to
you leave your labor to will you trust him to bring home your
will you trust him to bring home your
will you trust him to bring home your grain and gather it to your threshing
grain and gather it to your threshing
grain and gather it to your threshing floor the wings of the ostrich waved
floor the wings of the ostrich waved
floor the wings of the ostrich waved proudly but are her wings and pinions
proudly but are her wings and pinions
proudly but are her wings and pinions like the kindly storks for she leaves
like the kindly storks for she leaves
like the kindly storks for she leaves her eggs on the ground and warms them in
her eggs on the ground and warms them in
her eggs on the ground and warms them in the dummest she forgets that a foot may
the dummest she forgets that a foot may
the dummest she forgets that a foot may crush them or that a wild beast may
crush them or that a wild beast may
crush them or that a wild beast may break them she treats her young harshly
break them she treats her young harshly
break them she treats her young harshly as though they were not hers her labor
as though they were not hers her labor
as though they were not hers her labor is in vain without concern because God
is in vain without concern because God
is in vain without concern because God deprived her of wisdom and did not endow
deprived her of wisdom and did not endow
deprived her of wisdom and did not endow her with understanding when she lifts
her with understanding when she lifts
her with understanding when she lifts herself on high
herself on high
herself on high she scorns the horse and it's rider have
she scorns the horse and it's rider have
she scorns the horse and it's rider have you given the horse strength have you
you given the horse strength have you
you given the horse strength have you closed his neck with thunder can you
closed his neck with thunder can you
closed his neck with thunder can you frighten him like a locust his majestic
frighten him like a locust his majestic
frighten him like a locust his majestic snorting strikes terror he pause in the
snorting strikes terror he pause in the
snorting strikes terror he pause in the valley and rejoices in his strength he
valley and rejoices in his strength he
valley and rejoices in his strength he gallops into the clash of arms he mocks
gallops into the clash of arms he mocks
gallops into the clash of arms he mocks at fear and is not frightened nor does
at fear and is not frightened nor does
at fear and is not frightened nor does he turn back from the sword the quiver
he turn back from the sword the quiver
he turn back from the sword the quiver rattles against him for glittering spear
rattles against him for glittering spear
rattles against him for glittering spear and
and
and he devours the distance with fierceness
he devours the distance with fierceness
he devours the distance with fierceness and rage nor does he come to a halt
and rage nor does he come to a halt
and rage nor does he come to a halt because that trumpet has sounded at the
because that trumpet has sounded at the
because that trumpet has sounded at the blast of the trumpet he says aha he
blast of the trumpet he says aha he
blast of the trumpet he says aha he smells the battle from afar the thunder
smells the battle from afar the thunder
smells the battle from afar the thunder of captains and shouting does the hawk
of captains and shouting does the hawk
of captains and shouting does the hawk fly by your wisdom and spread its wings
fly by your wisdom and spread its wings
fly by your wisdom and spread its wings toward the south does the Eagle mount up
toward the south does the Eagle mount up
toward the south does the Eagle mount up at your command and make its nest on
at your command and make its nest on
at your command and make its nest on high on the rock it dwells and resides
high on the rock it dwells and resides
high on the rock it dwells and resides on the crag of the rock and the
on the crag of the rock and the
on the crag of the rock and the stronghold from there it spies out the
stronghold from there it spies out the
stronghold from there it spies out the prey its eyes observe from a farm its
prey its eyes observe from a farm its
prey its eyes observe from a farm its young ones suck up blood and wear the
young ones suck up blood and wear the
young ones suck up blood and wear the slain are there it is